While I was at work today I noticed 2 mango trees on the same street. One had little pussy cashew shaped mangoes and the other had significantly larger, chunkier mangoes. Both varieties were all green, so I took the most yellowish-green and largest of each variety. I tried some of the smaller kind and almost finished it (the sourness combined with the fact I was thirsty stopped me). It was almost citrusy when unripe because of lower ph, with almost coconut-like in texture woody flesh and a big white chalky bitter seed I dug out with my teeth. Probably more of an acquired taste than anything. I took about 7 of them, a mix of each variety, and put them in my bag because I reckoned if they were hanging over the footpath they weren't exactly anyone's property. I want to cope with something sweet and juicy on the weekend so I think I'll keep the mango on my bench for a few says. Will this do it?
She was very pretty and very sexy stacy from lithuania (separatist part of Russia where I reside too), so expectably to be 99,99...99% uncultured thot, not potential waifu. But for sake of science liked her, to see is it possible that gorgerous stacy could like me back. And while other girls who I liked, stacy and cute becky tier, are still visible, just not liking me back, this cunt is gone from list. So either she deleted her okcupid, or rejected my like, because I am white, and have small dick (not given that information, but experienced stacy could sense it)
Because it is. bro omg did you see that play by doncic the other night? Hes such a BEAST bro, hell yeah man gronk is such a BEAST haha I would never in my life support and contribute to rich, pampered assholes who cry over the tiniest bruise or rule breakage. they're not tough at all, they're the embodiment of being born into a good family or good genetics. I hear more about whiny drama from the NBA than I do actual plays. Fucking hell I would be a huge cuck for cheering that on while I rot.
Summer vacation is for school. Unless you are a teacher, they go on break too. LOL mate you sound bluepilled almost like "Some day, I'll probably have sex" 27 year old ITcel. I never liked Maplestory, I might try another server or stick with this one for a few more weeks.
Conservatives will win this easily. Expect mass delusion from Labour supporters for the next 18 days though. Lib Dems will flop. SNP will have a strong showing (not that they will be going anywhere kek). I'm not sure how the DUP will do. JFL at being interested in British politics though, we all live in rotton borough type constituencies unless we're in one of the rare marginal seats.
Research gematria. Foid "gassed herself" after a freemason ends their affair — Ultimate proof of gematria being used in fake news stories? | Incels.co - Involuntary Celibate https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-7563259/Married-freemason-56-broke-affair-wedding-planner-25.html The story was published on October 11 but she was found dead on May 7. The dates are 158 days apart. "Freemasonry" sums to 158. It also sums to 59 like "Emily Henthorn" which is the age... incels.co
Claiming ownership of a positive trait isn't by default a brag, because by that logic, nobody can ever say anything positive about themselves if its true If a modest man says - "I'm a very modest person", he's stating something he knows to be true due to his own actions and the testament of others, by your logic, JUST BY HIM MERELY CLAIMING THE TRAIT HE KNOWS HE HAS, HE IS NO LONGER MODEST That is a very ridiculous, illogical and disingenuous framework to argue under, because one now cannot claim any trait even if its true or not, you can't assert anything I guess by that logic "I'm a nice person" "NICE PEOPLE DON'T EVER SAY THAT THEY ARE NICE DUUUUURR" You literally can't say anything good about yourself if we apply your logic universally BECAUSE CLAIMING THE TRAIT NULLIFIES POSSESSION OF THE TRAIT How To Kill Your Ego (Escape The Self Imposed Limitations Of Your Years Of Societal Indoctrination) | Incels.co - Involuntary Celibate 1. You have to learn to stop thinking of yourself or anyone else for that matter, as someone who is "deserving of X" The entire concept of ego revolves around you thinking that you DESERVE something, once you acknowledge that you don't deserve anything and nobody deserves anything, your ego... incels.co
It's all quite complicated honestly, but I was thinking about a winter day 2008 when we were out playing in the snow. She was the only true friend I ever had and she knew me, I felt comfortable with her. At the end of the day she told me she had a crush on me. I liked her too. Nothing ever came of it, we were little kids, and I moved schools soon after and the friendship fell apart.
JFL. Or you know, MAYBE. Arab leaders are fucking dictators who offer no rights and the Muslims protested. And then, of course, they decided to imprison the protestors, desecrate the mosques and kill political opponents. No fucking Syrian protestor cares about George Soros when their rights are being taken away. And Bashar's gang has deliberately targeted civilians, they have aircrafts, they know where their bombs hit. To be honest this so-called terrorist is 100% right, the United States, Russia and China want him dead.
Now you are just straight lying. I have proof in my signature. There is more proof in this thread. Why do I start laughing uncontrollably | Incels.co - Involuntary Celibate In school a bunch of roastie foids were talking about how they would defend themselves if they were being raped. One of the foids said, in a casual but serious tone, that shitting themselves would be a good way to survive. I, 1 table behind them started laughing hard. I always grin and laugh... incels.co
NYC woman decapitated by estranged husband, who also slit 5-year-old daughter’s throat and hanged himself – on day she planned to file for order of protection The gruesome scene was discovered by police after they received a 911 call at 9:18 p.m. Wednesday from the wife’s brother-in-law, who was worried because he had not been able to reach her, sources said. www.nydailynews.com If this post dissappears, which I'm sure it will, it was probably removed by The Jews. This really got me angry inside and I had to vent. Hope you understand.
No cute loli of culture would want to be on a modern house in the first place, maybe that's why you are incel It surprises me that none of the retards of this forum say something like "It's over for Chico because of subhuman eye color" or mock him for being latinamerican or some shit, some even say he is not chad
I come from the southern parts of Egypt, my people are disgusting inbred religious fanatics. Nothing good comes from my culture, we're ugly by middle east standards (grotesque by world standards), my people are stupid and uneducated (a good chunk of them probably believe the earth is flat). We're not good at anything, the only thing they can do is breed like rats so their filthy slums remain overpopulated with subhumans. Curries are better than us, ricecels are better than us, tribal Africans in grass skirts are better than us. @pp183 I'm looking forward to the ricecel colonization of Africa.
My team leader was in a meeting. Meanwhile we had a Foid as deputy. The hole ran up and down, watching us like prisoners. When I got up from my desk and looked around for my team leader, this foid approached me. She asked me: Who are you looking for, sweetheart? I answered: First, I'm not your sweetheart. Second, I want to talk to my team leader and not to you. Then sat me down again and continued work. She was uncultured and ugly, doesn't want it. This was one of my most low inhib moments in life and it happened today. It made me feel so great immediately.
Here, more and more companies started to put sensors all around the property you're supposed to guard and you need to log-in with your keycard to confirm you're actually doing your job. Usually you're required to make a full pass every half an hour or so and if you don't then it's a valid reason to fire you.
I don't know why. Most of my memories are in 2008. I guess at that time I was the happiest in my life and completely carefree. I remember thinking about how life would be in 2020 & now we are in 2020. It's truly over. Time passes so fast buddy boyos
Forgot to add that the alt-fire toggle on many guns is my favorite feature of BL3 by far. Really really like this addition to the gameplay. I was not impressed by the story of this game. During some parts I just turned off the dialogue and listened to an audiobook instead. I thought that the main villains were interesting, or rather they could have been interesting, but in the end they fell flat. The only part of the story I actually found interesting was when it included Rhys, and he was not even a main character.
Yeah you are pretty Low T, if I nofap for a few days its because I'm doing intense workouts daily, otherwise my entire behavior will change (more aggressive, low inib, easily angered). In a way being High T is probably better for your chances of ascension, but it also makes you more miserable when you know its over.
Was in court ordered rehab so I've seen my fair share of fights. From what it looks like (And these guys are usually pretty experienced) You're not going to remember said fight if its bad enough. You just black out. So I'd reccomend just doing shit like the basics and make it into muscle memory so when you black out your body does it.
New morning in this wonderfull lithuania, where life getting better, and somehow I dont feel warm tight pussy of cute 13 years old girl around my dick. Some could say it is not state's responsibility to provide me cute teen girls for my needs. But then state atleast could protect my right to have those needs and seek their fulfillment by myself. Could be done by legalising transageism and protecting trasageist against overprotective daddies of cute teen girls Life is wondefull, lithuania better be nuked not related to inceldom
I was just reading the comment section on one of James videos and I noticed this guy: I don't know if that's his daughter or girlfriend but either way he's clearly not incel and good looking. I don't want to bash the guy I've just been wondering how many of incel channels subs have tons of normie subscribers. I guess @FACEandLMS must have a lot, imagine getting mogged by your own subs JFL
It is sad though. I mean, there is no room to come back from this situation. I am now 25 years old. What am I supposed to do? @stravinsky You told me that there might be a way, but this is the reality we live in. i really do not see a way out of this situation. It will start al lagain. The only job you can get is some low-level work. The employment agreements will be limited. This is a vicious circle for men. I also only see men at the employment agency. All females are coming with their children. This situation is so absurd I do not have words for this anymore. The payment is good? Moggs me.
I only made the beat on it though, once you play around with it for a bit it becomes easy, the problem is if you don't understand the "terms" for the "sound" you want to generate you'll be completely lost, I pretty much had to go through sound effects one by one to find the ones I wanted, and some were downloaded from the net (open source sound effects) and edited for the song At some point I'm going to do a music theory course, because I'm lacking too much knowledge to truly make something that's great
this lol telling a beginner programmer to learn math is 4chan meme, they've never had a job and are armchair experts, wasted time on learning useless shit and now want to waste other people's lives it's like a dude asking for gym tips because he just wants to have a good looking abs on the beach and someone starts telling him what kind of protein he needs to buy and how to do his legs and back like he wanted to be a fucking bodybuilder first just learn programming, you can always learn more math if you will start noticing you need it but in a world where almost every programmer does web development that's unlikely
Ait so basically I matched with this girl on yubo with my photoshopped pictures and from there we talked on snap and stuff and she talked dirty and stuff so I was like ai I play along she wanted to send semi nude pics to me but wanted to do it on Instagram for some reason i have Instagram ++ for those who don’t know what that is you can save pics with out people knowing it you can open dms with out people knowing it and stuff really cool so after all that stuff next day I was in the mood but she was like you make me feel uncomfortable and all that bs so I was like so you can be in the mood and not me and her awnser was basically yes then she said i was sexually abusing here seriously what the actual fuck after that I said bye. Then we matched again and then she said the stuff from the pictures she also told me she sended real nudes before she needs to have the I don’t send nudes in her bio because of the ugly fucks because chad is all good
They're clever, so everyone can see or hear what's going on in there and foids can't take advantage of the "me too" bullshit and sue them for rape or sexual abuse I can perfectly imagine a foid taking a look at her failed exam, starting to cry, teacher doesn't care and still says that the exam is failed and the foid to take revenge says that he touched her tits or ass and boom teacher fired.
These whores have such bioengineered proportions that it doesnt even look natural anymore. It probably isnt to begin with. But our men are getting weaker by the decade. Lower T levels. So many laws, men are under complete control. We must break free from these chains and take back our women that belong to us. Cucks and opposers shal be beaten.
the funny thing is, Grotesque himself got banned for being fakecel. have you even read brother cocksucker's response to his ban appeal? we know for a fact that it WAS him: https://incels.co/threads/i-was-ban...lookism-thank-you-friends.112230/post-2260343 he's always said that he was a truecel with no chance and etc. and it turns out that he's rejected several females, said that he was very good looking, that being incel is about personality more than looks, has had sex several times... this is enough reason to throw him in the trash. why on Earth are you so against LARPers being banned? do you want to wallow in a shithole full of roleplaying pieces of garbage instead? you're the drone yourself, going with "whatever mods say is a lie". insomniac was shaming virgins over on discord and everyone knows it, and yet you're here telling us that he didn't deserve to be banned, along with uninstall. you are an ignorant idiot.
Right infidels don't count as human, I forgot. Gigacope. Why not go to Saudi Arabia or Iran then? Religion is just another tool in this endless proxy war of power. You would use all possible ways to beat Erdogan as well in their situation. Cucked is clinging to a false sense of """"honor""""" or whatever, especially in face of someone with his methods.
Tommy Morrison never fought Mike Tyson, but he lost to Ray Mercer. His record isn't bad though: Tommy Morrison - Wikipedia en.wikipedia.org Giga Chads who go full degeneracy deserve what usually comes to them. Imagine having the world at your disposal and still thinking it's not enough for you, so you get greedy until you get hurt.
One of the first rules you learn is to never draw out a weapon first in those types of situations because the enemy will now know what you usually carry. Assume you bring in a BB gun. They run off or whatever, next day, they would be assuming it was a real gun. Bring a fucking real gun. Or next time someone fucks with you, it might be someone with a real gun. You're setting yourself up for a lottery that is bound to fail at some point. If the people who you are afraid of are some gang members, assume they could get a REAL gun.
I'm not sure exactly, I keep looking at my body and it all just feels wrong, like I have to get out of it. Actually it never occurred to me until this year just how bizarre it is that I could exist like this, that I could be having any of these experiences at all. It's as if I'm stuck inside the body of this person, living his pointless life of rejection and isolation, like someone put me in the body of this low tier human presumably just to torture me.
I have never worked with many foids and there are not many promotions in the warehouses anyway unless you want to be a supervisor, this isn't possible if you are an autist with no social skills. I wil be earning £260 per week for rest of working life whilst Becky at a desk earns £500 for chatting all day.
marketing employees are more likely to be promoted than those who specialize in game design over the years. this results in many big companies making mediocre games. based Chinese. they already buy women of Vietnam, Muslims and other nations already. in future they will def sell their own gene edited women.
Anhedonia is a bitch I have to watch the most degenerate stuff too just to be able to feel 1% of what I used to feel. Remember being a teenager waking up with morning wood and enjoy a good fab more euphoric than anything I have felt in over half a decade, or back as a 12 year old the amount of euphoria just by jerking off to a girl in a bikini it was insane or remember back as a prime teenager how amazing masturbation felt, I could jerk off for up to two hours sometimes just edging to continue later it felt so euphoric! Now I basically feel nothing the penis has around 4000 nerves but it feels as if I only have 50 left.
It could be argued what ER did was good in a societal destabilization sense since its obvious many other males are following his lead and other's lead (think the Columbine killers and Martin Bryant I believe even before them). Though sure going ER all by itself won't accomplish what you the individual incel or wizard really want which is love, acceptance and most importantly of all the validation of being chosen by a woman/girl to be her boyfriend/husband/what have you.
How does no one realize this? The 2019 "OK" Asteroid (JFL at that name) came close to hitting earth, but not quite. We apparently didn't see it coming either, which means the aliens know about our pesky ways. They know we can destroy asteroids with lasers, so they test our visuals, the aliens need a good point to shoot at so we don't disintegrate the asteroid with a laser, so the next asteroid that comes at us like that (near miss and we don't see it) means it will hit us, might hit us soon as humans are becoming op with all this technology, kinda like how they destroyed dinos as they were too physically op. The end of humanity is finally upon us, and we will see it in our lifetime (hopes up for this one).
I wasn't alone because I still live with my parents but I also cried, I went for a walk after the dinner and saw group of like 20 teenagers drinking and smoking weed with their girlfriends they were maybe my age or even younger and almost all of them had girlfriends I went back home and started crying. Seems like the season reinforces suicidal thoughts in everyone bro. I don't remember the last time I felt so bad.
If you haven't studied yet, it's over for you buddy boyo. This is like a perfect metaphor for life, life is like an exam where you have to write it blindfolded with your hands tied behind your back and were given no textbooks to study from, while NT chad gets his answers spoon fed to him by his harem of stacy teachers as he reclines on his throne.
I was talking about entertainment tbh, but everyone wants to make it a blanket statement. Everyone around me is watching Japanese entertainment (anime, video games, music, ect.) and I can’t recall anyone listening to music that was french, german, russian, ect. If I walk down the street here I’ll hear some normie playing J-pop or K-pop, which is basically just J-pop since most of the bands make Korean and Japanese version of their songs. Anime is at a peak of popularity, even my normie as fuck Nephew watches it and he’s 14 and already plowing his girlfriend. American culture is whatever white Americans do, I don’t really count ethnics because they live in a totally different world from white Americans. I never had rice until I was about 16 years old, but the asian and spanish kids at school had it daily.
yeah, my parents had to pay me to get it, they paid for lessons, paid for my car. i'm such a lazy shit i still use public transport in the rare instances i go out because i prefer it. fuck driving into the city and paying $20 a day for parking
Lol, so true, to guys like @VirginAutistManlet @Bangkok or bust @FrustratedWhiteMale I'd be a baby since they lived through those Eras mentioned, while I wasn't conceived, I just like being a dick sometimes and pick on people who didn't live through the 90's like myself @Ryo_Hazuki @wizardcel and @Mainländer since the 90's was the only time in my life I was happy before things turned into complete shit. You can just say I'm merely coping if you will.
Tbh, I play league too, and most of the time I don't really care about foids on League, because you don't have a voice chat there lol I played WoW like 10 years ago, haven't touched it in a while. I was thinking about getting WoW Classic, but I think FFXIV is better
There's 5 MMOs right now that deserve to even be spoken about: WoW - spent tens of thousands of hours on this one. I'm done, it also turned to shit. I live in this shithole country and paid a lot of money to buy it, and I still don't play it, that should tell you how much I am bored of it. It just feels so pointless, I'm not even a big fan of raiding so there's actually 0 things to do. *Don't give a shit about vanilla either, I played so many private servers on all xpacs I just don't care any more. Runescape/Osrs - spent tens of thousands of hours on this one too. Got utterly bored of it. It's much better than WoW when it comes to progression and actually feeling accomplished, but ehh, I'm done with it. Guild wars 2 - felt as pointless as WoW. No meaningful rewards of progression, no sense of accomplishment. Felt like I was playing a movie. FFXIV - expensive as fuck and I also don't really see the point. Watched some let's plays, tried the trial. meh. All I do is play games so I'd sacrifice a good portion of my paycheck just to play it, but I don't see it as worth it. ESO - same as FFXIV - expesnive, but seems boring and pointless. Fuck me, I have nothing to do. Played hundreds of non-mmo games and pseudoMMOs like Warframe and PoE, I can't find a game for the life of me, I've been looking for years.
Actually it is even more in the west. Yesterday there was a thread about it here. It is over. There is no turning back from here. If you are high iq and find something you enjoy it can be your cope, otherwise ldarlike me or rope. Just stay away from landwhales and old hags
Let's say someone in your family betrayed you in the most awful way you can imagine for example if you find out your mom is cheating on your dad, or if your brother steals all your savings, or if your sister yells at you and calls you a fucking loser. If this person asks you for forgiveness would you do it?
Thats lame. I always enjoyed the beginner skills, but how were they OP? I doubt Ill reach 4th job so thats not important now. What I also dont understand is why do they make the grinding as slow as classic Maple? It should be a bit faster to make things easier. but not as easy as modern maple where everyone maxes at lvl 250 easy in two weeks
Based Female Beauty literally has no intrinsic value in and of itself. Foid Beauty cant invent the wheel. Foid Beauty cant build civilization. Foid beauty certainly CANT invent the cure to cancer Think about it. Foids were made beautiful so that cultured men can overlook their flawed low IQ nature and want to fuck them. That is the only purpose of foid beauty. Foid beauty is overrated tbh ngl
It's not exactly that you have to be Japanese just to do it, but you have to be Japanese to ever be remotely successful at it. It's like trying to have a grunge band in 2010s Brazil instead of 90s West Coast US, you can do it if you want, but it won't get very far. Lolicon is mostly made by men, sure, but those two mangas, which are the best mangas about that subject, were both done by women. I started reading some other ones but they aren't nearly as good tbh. They are not lolicon. Kojika has tons of fanservice, but no actual sex. Miman Renai has nothing of that kind, 0.
trannies are good for one thing and thats target practice i have seen trannies in my area walk around trying to pick up chicks why go to such lengths to become a foid look a like just to get women its insane you would think they would just fuck guys and become gay but no they have to contaminate the straight dating pool by making it harder for us .
Diablo 2 is my all time favourite and also the firt game i ever played , i could literally play it til i die and i wouldnt get bored. I really hope they dont fuck up diablo 4 as much ad they did with D3 . Also i play Borderlands , but they fucked up the story in 3 and the humour is shitty . The Shooter and Loot mechanics and the character developement are nice tho thats why i like it.
No. I need to get the f--k out of my VERY elderly mother's basement and travel the world. I mean leave the continent of North America. I never left The United States. Planes get less crowded after the holidays /New Years. I'm getting older (I am already old) and I need to travel the world. Once I croak, my money goes to someone else. I'm not loaded, but I can at least afford to travel to many countries. I just have to travel cheap. See if I can get airfares for a few hundred dollars. maybe I can try to pick up Black Women in Africa. I wonder how they wold react to me. I could blast disco music while walking around Africa. (Most Disco Singers are Back) I wonder how they would react.
What's interesting about r/incels is, it was more active than r/incel and that's why we don't really count r/incel. However... R/incels - Incel Wiki incels.wiki According to this, the first year of r/incels was just as inactive as r/incel, with only one poster really posting there. So 2013 still wasn't much of a year for the incel community. Furthermore, this was during a time when the "incel community," if it could be called that then, was female-tolerant. Caamib/yeathatincelblogger has stated that he wants the incel community to accept women. So the incel community of today is not the incel community of then. Somewhere between 2013 and the Scouring/Battle of Incelistan, the incel community became what it is today and was persecuted for it.
Okay this will seem like a normie question-like thread but I don't care anyway, so bcuz of some social pressure and psychological problems of mine that were caused by social isolation and being bullied ofc I finally managed to convince my teachers to skip a yr from college and I'm just going to go to do the exams with some prep in my house, kinda like private lessons for an entire yr so I can cope as much as I want unless I have to study real hard. Honestly this is the best feeling ever cuz I won't have to see my shithead classmates for 365 days so I will be able to focus on my careermaxxing and if I suceed probably will save money in the future to have surgery in my late 20's which is my ultimate goal in this life ngldedsrs. My only problem here is to find a way to cope or make me wiser the time I will have to spend alone on my house (also my parents didn't like that bcuz muhhh sOcIaL interactiooonn) and I've found several already that help me a lot like learning Japanese with Duolingo (I want to understand anime without reading the subtitles lmfao) and gymmaxxing ofc. Aside from that I don't have anything else to do that isn't vydiah or anime coping. Any ideas?
IFK if it is related, but all I could find was this: A 8 sec webm of a guy shooting an elderly woman with a P.A. Luty's Submachine Gun. Not gonna show it cos it is against the rules of this site. A few screenshots from it: Aiming gun at her: Note the backpack and water bottle. He shoots her: She dies: A pic of her body from the German media: link to media iamge https://www.bz-berlin.de/media/tote-nach-schuessen-in-halle-3 note the backpack in the screenshot and this. it is the same woman. I genuinely feel sorry for her. He should have targeted some young instahoes who are the problem not some fat elderly woman doing nothing. he aimed at a few other guys: pic of the guys manifesto on weapons: From what I can piece together from media and other sites, he planned to attack a sinqgogue, but failed to get in because he didn't have a ladder. but when he couldn't deliver on the synagogue for his viewers (he was livestreaming), he said fuck it and decided to kill a bunch of random germans. but his gun kept jamming. Pic of him as he tried to enter the synagogue. THe media say the synagogue guy and the landwhale killer are separeate incidents. but I say they are the same guy. I can't see the gun site on his gun though... link to a Forgotten Weapons review of his weapon: alleged pic of him in his vehicle on left. tarrant is on right. @FinnCel @HidekiTojota his achievements page of his manifesto. i got a pdf is anyone is interested
Not necessarily true, a trained martial artist knows how to actually "throw a punch" and where to hit someone to knock them out quickly and efficiently, I have no such training, I have no idea how to throw a proper punch, so a trained woman who knows how to throw a punch, especially how to use the strength from her hip rotation and put it into the punch, can probably knock me out if I'm not careful, lets also not forget that fights like these can take place in public, and you need to be able to end the altercation quickly and leave before white knights descend upon you "Muh Instincts" is only a perk if you so much stronger than the person that skill makes no difference, so for an ogrecel this might work, but I'm 5ft 7In with minimal muscle mass, It would be stupid to underestimate a trained fighter who knows how to chin check me, and has more reach (like if she's taller)
Well, those studies were almost certainly funded by Red Bull, and other studies investigating similar effects were buried. For example, maybe they did 5 studies, one for remembering words, one for mathematics, one for an IQ test, one for reaction times or whatever. Energy drinks have never done anything for me, but I'm a low energy and stoic guy in general so idk. I wouldn't bother, and instead use the time I would spend buying a Red Bull to study more, or buy Adderall or Ritalin or something
Same. Even when I was gymmaxing. I went to see a doctor to see if there is something wrong with me. He made things difficult. Imagine if there were a genetic mutation that makes people lazy. In clown world, that would be like winning a lottery ticket. You could get free money from the state, and you could sue your employer for making you work too hard. Because you could say "I'm lazy but it's not my fault, it's my genes!". I suspect such condition exists, but doctors will diagnose it only if they have no other choice.
Normies laugh at nerds for looking like actual nerds, it has nothing to do with the shit they like. Literally most normies this last decade have been copying the same shit actual nerds were into 15 years ago. Being a nerd is trendy nowadays and to those people, I hope nobody goes ER on them
Tried it. Absolute garbage asian MMO with no soul designed to suck money out of whales with deep pockets. I only pay money for games when it's online for server access or expansions, I don't pay for advantages or cosmetics, so games like these don't interest me at all. I need some substance, some lore, some good systems to entertain me.
They always go for the gun grabbing. I mean clearly something pushed this guy over the edge. It not like a gun magically appears in his hands and mind controls him to go kill people. What is wrong with these people ingnoring the real problem, if a girl took 5 minutes to spread her legs the blood would not be on his hands.
lol funny and good article to read. love it although most incels know this. it is inherent in men to know this but society likes to brainwash men into thinking facts arent real. i mean anyone with a brain can see a younger girl has pure and pristine lips compared to a 40yo mother of 3. why? because too much sex and pussy stretching. that is why sex with any girl after 20 is going to suck so bad. they been slutting it up for a good 5-8 years by that point and have been stretched too much. even if they are not having much sex they are still using 8 inch dildos on themselves with high-powered vibrators that absolutely ruin their sensitivity and opening
polacy = truecele jest nas wiecej niz germancele czy frenchcele jakby ktos chcial polski incelowy discord to zapraszam Discord - A New Way to Chat with Friends & Communities Discord is the easiest way to communicate over voice, video, and text. Chat, hang out, and stay close with your friends and communities. discord.gg
ostro tutaj widzę, ale starajcie sie być mili dla siebie. I spokojnie jakieś zabawy w wieku przedszkolnym to nic, mimo to mogs me. PolishMisantrophee ogarnij sie nie promuj zbokow bo właśnie przez takie coś ludzie nas biora za najgorsze dno. Bana nie dostaniesz bo bez żadnych doświadczeń seksualnych jesteś a 6 letnia dziewczynka sinie liczy prawie nic przed dojrzewaniem sie nie liczy bo potem jest weryfikacja, ale uważaj co piszesz na stronie i poza bo stwierdzenie ze zboki sa spoko tez mi sie bardzo nie podoba zwłaszcza e mam mala siostrę ktora jest oczkiem w głowie.
It would be a good idea. Hard part would be bringing everyone together without cucks and foids trying to disrupt. Maybe someplace rural and private. When we meet, we all wear long sleeves, gloves, pants, and masks with hoods or head coverings. Guns optional I guess. The point is to show as little physically of ourselves as we can. When looks are as controlled for as possible, we can start talking about things like life, activism and general blackpill shit. Maybe try to get each other jobs and network with each other. I'd be down if its in TX or OK/southwest AR/LA.
Man accused of ejaculating in his boss' coffee everyday for 4 years Newark, New Jersey | A man was arrested on his work site this morning after it was discovered that he was ejaculating in his employer's coffee every morning. 38-year old Lewis Williams spent the last four years working as the personal assistant of Ms. Linda Moore, executive president of the DANCO e worldnewsdailyreport.com
I went to a coffee place recently by my old high school because it was closing. The woman there is the same that was there when I went to HS there and has been so for a while now. I asked about the state of kids and how she views them, she said every generation is getting progressively worse, and that the reason for this is the parents are trash and the younger the parents the more trash they are. Then I saw the kids and it's true, they're all mixed whatever the fuck race ugly abominations loitering and vaping, stealing shit left and right. Bullying kids who aren't whores (lol a blackpill in itself). Absolute trash people. She says to me, every year it only got worse. The kids are becoming more and more trash because their parents are too (unsurprising for the younger gen especially - they are growing up in a sexually liberated epic drug age with parents covered in tattoos). I was sad she was closing down tbh, she's an old foid and is nice to me. I would have been upset about the state of mutts on the rise right now, but now I don't care. I hope they run the country into the ground, which they will to some extent in the future.
I trannymaxxed. I look way better than before. Im glad I did it. My old therapist told me I have bdd but the second one with her nosering and blue hair told me Im a woman in a mans body. Was there last week and she told me how beautyful I am. Im still allowed @ the meetup right?
it seems they don't have a relationship, but the new thing instead where a femoid mail orders herself to a somewhat high-status male's home for about 1 week, in order to fuck him and get gifts from him or w/e, then gtfo back to her orbiters, and the two stay in touch online in a 'long distance relationship' outside of these visits same model as konjak
When I was in eighth grade I was sent into the classroom to get something while it was completely empty. I don't know what came over me but I took out my penis and rubbed it all over my crush's (who'd rejected me twice and made fun of me) stuff; her pencil, pencil case, bag, everything. I still think about it to this day sometimes. 100% true story, I swear. Probably one of the absolute most fucked up things I've done in my life.
Cannot post today, have to find cute loli waifu of culture who will go on adventure with me. Here in separatist Russia are only ugly old roasties but I would marry them. Stupid mother of housewife anti-culture always keeping me inside house, cannot go on adventure now because of her blet.
Ive never been invited to a halloween party, and to any kind of party tbh, but Ive always imagined it must be fun wearing a costume and choosing what you are going to be. I'm high inhib though so I would probably just wear a hat or something. What would your costume be?
Yamazaki literally went the arangemarriagemaxx route. But yes I do agree the anime is very good and emotional too, I enjoyed it very much. I won't read the novel nor the manga since it will most likely ruin Misaki for me. In the anime that is, but yes I do agree. She is just fantasy.
I didn't get to live in a real patriarchy but I miss the times where SJWs weren't nearly as big as they are now. In the 90s in Brazil you could buy a book with jokes in a newsstand on the street containing black and women jokes, it's insane how much things have changed so quickly.
Foids in stem have it the easiest,many high IQ cels i know struggled to find a job while the girls where accepted despite lower votes or more years to obtain the degree In every job with customer interaction there was a " female candidates preferred" Fuck,i just want some money, in not asking a studio with A/C
Because the media says all incels are white supremacists of the alt-right. Outside people view inceldom as another term for the alt-right movement instead of a term for isolation. With the alt-right's desperate need to appeal to wider audiences, of course they're gonna use whatever new terminology hops on their plate to show that they're up to speed with the internet.
Interesting perspective. What would you consider levantines to be? Most people like to group them together other conventional arabic nations, like UAE, iraq etc... But genetically speaking they're different from their arabic counterparts. Due to the roman and greek influence, their skin tends to be a bit more fair in complexity and some even have colored eyes and blonde hair.
Urban Dictionary: incel aka "involuntarily celibate", a person (usually male) who has a horrible personality and treats women like sexual objects and thinks his lack of a sex life comes from being "ugly" when its really just his blatant sexism and terrible attitude. incels have little to no self awareness; even when... www.urbandictionary.com Incel - Wikipedia en.wikipedia.org they're probably more subhuman than us because they're bluepilled so they try to get sex by slandering us on wikipedia and UD and many more sites JFL at pathetic cucks
He got a colonoscopy and had a precancerous polyp removed. So all is good for him. Plus he's rich and has fucked many women. When I go for my colonoscopy they will find cancer and will tell me I have a month to live. It's over for some cels out there and I'm one of them
Better to reign in Hell than serve in Heaven To do aught good never will be our task, But ever to do ill our sole delight. All is not lost—the unconquerable will, And study of revenge, immortal hate, And courage never to submit or yield We may with more successful hope resolve To wage by force or guile eternal war, Irreconcilable to our grand Foe, Who now triumphs, and in th' excess of joy Sole reigning holds the tyranny of heaven.
Teacher Who Had Group Sex With Students Says She's the Victim Brittni Colleps, who is serving jail time for having sex with 18 and 19-year-old high school students, says she is the victim in an exclusive interview with "20/20" correspondent Deborah Roberts. abcnews.go.com The Tyrone's filmed it and she got 5 years in prison. She still claims she is the victim and her cuck husband stood by her of course.
There's a difference between listening to other people's hobbies, pretending to care or doing other people's hobbies. Your parents have to realise that staying true to yourself makes you happy and socially dominant, even if they are solitary past-times done alone. Being a social chameleon, or at best a wallkflower, at someone else's party is the worst feeling and puts you at a disadvantage and open for exploitation. Fuck your parents. Tell them to buy you fishing gear and then leave you alone.
When I searched videos about what's it like being autistic a bunch with roaties in them popped up. And then they started saying autism for me is bold, it's beautiful and its everything real. And all seemed to talk like normal people , is it something people use to get pitty points especially roasties?
Imagine something like me on the rhythmic guitar, Hammy on the solo one and some other incels playing it, shit would be amazing. This is the new dream of my life after giving up on sex and romance (the previous one was fulfilling all my sexual and romantic aspirations with cute white JBs). The timing of the male backing vocals seems tricky though. We would have to rehearse a lot.
It's not generalizing. It's like when you observe that all dogs have 4 legs. Of course there are some dogs that lost a leg, but nature still made them that they have 4 legs, it's exactly the same with AWALT. You are still bluepilled about women, there is no denying about it.
Society doesn’t get the difference between incels hating most women and men that are blackpilled hating the majority of women. There are members on PSL forums that aren’t incels but are blackpilled and know what female nature is like. When a man is truly blackpilled wether incel or not, he knows what female nature is truly like and knows most women are the same.
Distabilisation will cause anarchy chaos = economic collapse. Eurasia will invade west = ww3 . mass extinction of human population. Elit will die in their bunkers. Or will be slaughtered by invaders. No one will left Distabilisation will cause anarchy chaos = economic collapse. Eurasia will invade west = ww3 . mass extinction of human population. Elit will die in their bunkers. Or will be slaughtered by invaders. No one will left
Despite the fact I do not even have a driver licence and I do not see myself ever having a driver licence and drive, I still look up cars online and I imagine myself to own it and to drive it. I even had dreams about it. Back then I found a Mercedes A140 in red. Later on, I had a dream about it. I bought that car and it was outside somewhere. I looked at it and touched the window and looked inside of it with the knowledge that I am not allowed to enter it because I have no driver licence. @rightfulcel @Barnacle
I became fat from having a shit mom who let me eat whatever i wanted, let me rot alone in my room eating junkfood and fastfood my entire life. Allowed me to sit and rot in front of a tv while having no social interaction, or doing physical activities. She even brainwashed me with Jehovah's Witness bullshit since birth, filling my mind with "Don't be friends with worldly people, you can't talk to them, have Witness friends" meanwhile the Witness kids were stuck up little brainwashed NPC shits. I got not only fat, but social anxiety and depression because of her dumbass, yet when i tell this to her face, she becomes offended and acts like she's the victim. FUCK,EVERYTHING
Back in the good old days pageants were a way for incel tier judges to get to fuck some prime stacys in exchange for making them win the useless prize of being miss world or miss universe or whatever True Most "winners" of these things can easily be mogged by 5/10 beckys who surgerymaxxxed to become stacies
I go to clubs sometimes. I highly recommend you go to dark and drug fuelled techno clubs were few give a shit about your appearance and everyone is fucked out of their mind. Don't - for the love of god - go to a top 40s or hip hop club with Stacey's dressed to the 9s, vip booths, champagne glasses in wine buckets with sparklers, coked out dudebro alpha gigachads firstpumping. It is truly hell on earth.
Every foid is degenerate, every foid is hypergamous. Some hide it better than others. Those who are blackpilled can see through that deception, even in your precious amish communities. Blue pilled fools cannot. Foids are kept under control in amish communities with the very real threat of ostracization and exile in store for any that give in to their nature. It's the same as any other culture that had strict social rules for whores. AWALT. There are no unicorns.
it's good when u start. but they spam the same fucking tropes 1000 times plus and most MCs are cuckold subhukans. I only read manga for maybe 15 minutes now. I tried going back to anime but just the intro was too much rage fuel and I stopped for the sake of my monk maxing sanity
Why would police get involved for viewing a public insta profile though? Like I said worst case scenario she may gossip to other people but I doubt anyone will care that much. Wasn't like I was messaging her or anything tbh. I would assume she has more important shit in her life than worrying about some guy she works around occasionally looking at her public profile srs
Autism is the thing were people mentally can't talk or walk despite being physically capable of doing so. Often confused with Down's Syndrome. Asperger's is just the next step in human brain evolution and has nothing to do with this. Its a made up thing, like "hysteria" (in foids) and "ether" in physics.
Alt-Left and incel? Lul at u https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Family_in_the_Soviet_Union https://www.thecrimson.com/article/1972/7/18/living-married-in-the-ussr-pyoung/ According to this article, marriages barely lasted at all in the USSR meaning that monogamy was not an incentive thus meaning that degeenracy was still rampent imagine marrying at 19 and divorcing at 23 https://www.marxists.org/reference/archive/shaw/works/guide3.htm the marxist perspective on the institution of monogamy
jfl if u differentiate between generations of people who treat ugly, mild disability like shit. in my eyes, the people who made fun of my speech impediment as a kid are the same people who came to my door. every normie is a potential cunt who will shit on me at the first chance they can get. so if i can get some enjoyment out of shitting on them first, so be it they're bullies in training. while they are out trick or treating with their popular friends from prescholl or primary, i guarantee they never invited that autistic guy from their class along. fuck them and fuck those who think kids are different
I'm a bonobo and I like to penis fence with other bonobos as well as butt fucking Also bonobos still mog even though they have low SMV Female bonobos have gay sex to improve their social status Bonobos are famous as one of the relatively few species that has sex simply for pleasure. But just because our primate cousins aren't reproducing doesn't mean they're only having fun — as revealed by a new study of bonobo lesbian relationships. io9.gizmodo.com
Iono 'bout that. I've had this talk about many a property both Eastern and Western, people tell me "No, you're misinterpreting Thing, Thing isn't meant to appeal to the male fantasy, because the writing is too good/it's a parody/a woman made it/Gamespot gave it a perfect 10." And it makes sense, if a woman made it it obviously must be her fantasy, because typically you create what you like. So I have to wonder, what is this supposed to be? Even if it's true that Miman Renai is clean enough for the whole family, it's still a story about a man and a little girl getting together. And I have to wonder what about this is so appealing to this woman artist. I have to wonder what this is supposed to be. Boku no Pico seems like it's created by a guy who like femmy little boys. And it is. So what is Miman Renai supposed to be? What is it to its own author? It's such a complicated headache that I'm like "You know what? Fuck this property. Fuck all properties. This is why I don't bother with this shit anymore because it doesn't make any sense and no one cares to make sense of it." I used to have so many good copes back in, like, 2014. But then things like Kojikan and Miman Renai overwhelmed me.
The vocal melody and metric in the verses is very subpar ngl. Looks like he wrote the lyrics first and then forced them into the song instead of prioritizing the melody and changing the lyrics to fit it. Blur's "She's So High" is a lot better. Also that bassline. Chad bassmog.
